Meh is right. I saw the lines out the door. I saw the hype online and I'm sorely disappointed. 

We came here on a Thursday at around 6pm. Luckily there was no wait. For an appetizer we ordered the takoyaki. I'm not sure if the texture is supposed to be that way, but the exterior was crispy, but the inside was like mush. I was not expecting that. I didn't like the texture at all. 

For the main course I ordered the pot belly ramen with a chasu bowl, while my other two guests got the miso ramen. All of us agreed that the pot belly ramen was better than the miso. The broth was rich in flavor, more so than the miso ramen. The miso one was just spicy in the initial sip, but was not consistent throughout. I also didn't like the noodles. It was too skinny and didn't hold the flavor of the broth very well. If you like the Vietnamese entree thit kho (braised pork belly), you'll like it. Tasted just like that. 

The place is a little overpriced for the portion too. I was hoping for it to be good so I didn't have to go all the way to Orenchi. Nope, I'll not be coming back

@@@@@
Melanie is a treasure that must be protected at all costs. 

Seriously though, she was super-cool and funny and gave us some pretty fun and adventurous recommendations that we would otherwise not have tried. Really attentive, she even helped us cook our food - it felt like we were getting an experience that other restaurant-goers were not getting. Like v.i.p. status. That's how awesome she is. 

Food was really good. Excellent recommendations. Next time I come here, I'm just going to tell them to surprise me. 

I like the music here. 

Will definitely come back.

@@@@@@@@
I don't know how I've never reviewed kickin crab lol?! Definitely the best place for cajun/seafood IMO. I especially like this place in comparison to places like boiling crab because I feel like the service is a lot better, the sauce is tastier, and I just feel like the seafood is a lot more fresh which is super important! I tend to go for one of the combo deals since I'm usually with a group and we can all share it for a good deal.
GARLIC NOODLES! Oh my god the best I've ever had. You have to order garlic noodles when you come, there's no exceptions....
The only thing that sucks would be the parking. If you come during peak dinner hours...or actually any hours...be prepared to be circling the lot a few times. The spaces are really small too. Good luck!